# FractionalNFT
## Explaning FNFT.sol
Our smart contarct crates a fractional NFT for a property ownership.

Fractionalized NFTs are writing the next chapter in the fast-growing crypto, blockchain, and decentralisation industry. The process of splitting ownership of an NFT into smaller fractions is known as NFT fractionalization. As a result, several persons may possess a single NFT.Given that an NFT, unlike a cryptocurrency, is a non-fungible token, meaning it cannot be exchanged for any other asset of its likeness, fractional NFTs push the boundaries by making it possible to divide ownership of an NFT. For instance, if you have the original painting of the famous Mona Lisa, not only is it impossible to exchange that painting for another type of painting, but it is also impossible to divide that painting into smaller pieces.
We will use Ethereum’s ERC20 and ERC721 token development standards to illustrate how fractionalized NFTs work. As a reminder, ERC721 tokens are the set standard for creating non-fungible tokens on Ethereum’s blockchain, and the ERC20 standard is used to create fungible tokens. A fungible token could be created to represent fungible items such as gold, money, or any other commodity in the physical world. A non-fungible token on the other hand can be used to represent any rare item such as a collectible game card, a trophy, or a house.
Given that a fungible token is flexible such that it can be exchanged for another of its kind without losing value, a smart contract can be deployed to generate ERC20 tokens linked to an indivisible ERC721 NFT. This way, anyone who holds any of the ERC20 tokens generated can own a percentage of the rare and valuable NFT.This is how fractional ownership of an NFT can be created, and the smart contract can secure the data that differentiates the fractional NFT from other NFTs. This idea can also be applied on any blockchain network that supports smart contracts and NFTs such that the NFT is locked in a smart contract on the blockchain and ownership of the NFT is represented by multiple fungible tokens whose supply is governed by the smart contract.
Our smart contarct crated a fractional NFT for a property Ownership.

## Explaning Dutch_Auction.sol
Dutch auction (Open descending price auction): This type of auction is mainly used for perishable items like flowers, food, clothes, etc. There is a start price, and the price goes down by a certain percentage as time goes and the bidder who bids more than or equal to the current price wins the auction or when a preset duration is over the last bidder who places a bid wins.

A Dutch auction, also known as the open-descending auction, is a type of auction where the seller first sets a starting price, duration, and a discount rate. As time passes, the item's price keeps decreasing until the preset duration time has ended. For example, suppose there is a really good bag you want to get but it is out of your budget. In that case, as time goes on the bag will get cheaper; first a 10% discount, then 30%, then 50%, until the bag is cheap enough for you to purchase. This is the concept of Dutch auctions. To make this work on Ethereum we will need to create and deploy both an ERC721 contract and a dutch auction smart contract.
